A pseudo-class in CSS is a keyword added to selectors that specifies a special state of an element. It is called a "pseudo-class" because it doesn't directly represent an element in the document tree, but rather it targets elements based on their state, position, or other dynamic conditions.

Example: The :hover pseudo-class targets an element when the user hovers over it with the mouse.
Why "pseudo"?: It is not a real class in the HTML, but acts like a class to style elements based on their state or behavior.


------------------------------------------------
A gradient in CSS is a smooth transition between two or more colors. It is used to create a visual effect where colors blend into each other without a hard line separating them.

CSS supports two main types of gradients:

1. Linear Gradients
A linear gradient gradually changes colors along a straight line (either horizontal, vertical, or at an angle).

background: linear-gradient(to bottom, blue, red);

2. Radial Gradients
A radial gradient radiates outwards from a central point (can be circular or elliptical).
Syntax:
background: radial-gradient(circle, yellow, orange);

--------------------------------------


A CSS transition allows an element’s property to change smoothly over a specified duration when triggered (e.g., on hover or focus).

The transition property enables you to change values smoothly instead of instantaneously, improving user experience and making the UI more interactive.

1. transition Property
It is a shorthand for defining multiple transition properties in one line

transition: property duration timing-function delay;


Property: Specifies which property the transition will affect (e.g., color, background-color, height, etc.).
Duration: Specifies the duration of the transition (e.g., 2s, 500ms).
Timing Function: Specifies the speed curve of the transition. Common values include:
linear: The transition has the same speed from start to finish.
ease: The transition starts slow, becomes faster, and then slows down.
ease-in: The transition starts slow and speeds up.
ease-out: The transition starts fast and slows down.
ease-in-out: The transition starts and ends slow, with a fast middle.
Delay: Specifies when the transition should start (e.g., 1s delay before starting).














